it's great to see you you know I will
tell you something those pants which are
fantastic by the way they remind me a
little bit of the set of the Jefferson
seventies magic to them Big Bang colors
for those who don't know we did Kari was
a part of live earlier this year and one
of the things I'd only I've talked about
this at all but I didn't I had a black
and white television when I was a kid I
didn't have a color TV and when I showed
up and saw the set they built I was like
how much no I just like oh wow yeah
there are colors there this is
unbelievable there you are with Will
Ferrell as Tom and Helen Willis you know
it's funny do you know how this like
kind of with Tom and Helen Willis you
know Wilf will was one of the producers
yeah and he said to me right off the bat
he said you know be great if Kerry
Washington you're kidding was Helen
Willis Isaac it would be great
and he said he knew you from your kids
my pajamas that drop him with my pajamas
so I you know we know each other and I
asked you if you do it immediately you
said yes you're a jerk well it was it
was really the first conversation so uh
so I contacted you yes and then I forgot
to tell will that so weeks went by I
said Oh Kerry's Helen oh I had no idea
you know and I didn't mention it a drop
off I thought maybe you guys were to
talk about it at drop off I'm always
like hi will yeah well it's great and we
are doing together we are I'm very
excited to be joining the producing team
on December 18 yes we're gonna do a
holiday episode of all the family and
good time
that is like for me that is one of the
shows of my childhood good sign you know
what's amazing too is how for better or
for worse how relevant these shows still
are like yes still so funny still so
meaningful remarkably meaningful and
remarkably relevant yeah for these well
we don't want to reveal which episodes
we're in but they really are
unbelieva it's good times is that a big
show for you - yeah I mean we didn't
watch a lot of TV in my house girl oh my
god I know but I sneak at a neighbor's
house and we watched all the shows in
syndication all the Norman Lear shows
yeah right yeah oh great good times is a
good one great theme song the whole
thing yeah we have some good surprise we
do we do we do now you in the meantime
that's between scandal and all the
various things that you're producing
yeah you did a play on Broadway yeah I
also produced that I did you produced
that as well
Americans son yeah how do you get
involved with something like this in the
first place so this really amazing
Broadway producer who had worked with in
the past he called and said it's time
for you to come back to Broadway when he
heard that it was gonna be scandals
final season and I said no thank you I'd
like to take a nap please yes but I
really love Jeffrey Richards and so I
trusted him and I read a couple of
things he sent me American Sun was the
first thing I read actually because he
said Kenny Leon was attached and I fell
in love with the material I just thought
I was captivated by this family and the
circumstances that we find them in and I
wanted to play this character she's like
the UH Nilima Pope she's everything I
didn't do for seven seasons and I don't
know I just fell in love with this
family and wanted to be in this come off
of that how many months did you do of
four months and it's the hardest thing I
have ever done is it yes I mean there's
always really hard but also this what
the play and now film is about is it's a
parent's worst nightmare you drop into
this real time ninety minutes there in
the lobby of a police precinct black mom
and a white dad
they're desperately looking for their 18
year old son who's just had some kind of
altercation with the cops but we don't
know what so we spend the 90 minutes
trying to find my kid my baby who's not
a baby but he's my baby and and also you
learned about this couple cuz they're
recently separated but they're still
kind of madly in love and so it's a
beautiful beautiful very hard very hard
film how many times did you do the play
eight times a week or shows a week
sometimes twice a day so you did it more
than a hundred times oh yeah yeah so you
come into the Jefferson hmm and you have
all this experience yeah being on stage
live I think that's part of why I had so
much fun like there were people vomiting
back yeah you seemed like everybody was
so soon to be the least nervous of
everyone I was really excited I mean
there was one person who was also not at
all nervous Jamie Foxx yes with
everything and is never nervous which is
why it was perfect that he was the one
who screwed up cause we all like we were
all terrified we were gonna screw up but
it made the show so much better
it wasn't most afraid as far as cast
members go um
you know who shocked me I don't know if
he was the most afraid but I was the
most surprised that Woody Harrelson the
day before it was like why are we doing
[Laughter]
yeah I think yeah well okay yeah I think
maybe there's a reason he was nervous
because Archie's only smoked cigars I
think it's one of the problems what
about when you're doing a play like that
and somebody loses their place or screws
up like Jamie you mentioned he he made
the most of it he maybe it was the
perfect person to screw it away it was
better when he got slow then we are I
think also with these live shows
sometimes you doubt whether it's real
but when he made that flub everybody's
like oh this is really live right and
also he's like an exceptional comedian
so he made it work it was the most
graceful flub you could ever he's an
incredible /
yes he really is if you're doing a
serious play though yeah what happens to
you and you laugh or no when the person
across from you says the thing that
they're not supposed to say until 30
minutes later oh sometimes that happens
okay we're gonna wrap this one up
everybody made a play tonight no you
just you figure it out I mean I think
that's part of what I love about it you
just have to figure it out and you kind
of take them back to what they're
supposed to say and then 30 minutes
later you're like remember when you said
that thing let's go back to that if
there's someone in the audience like a
famous person someone you know is that
bad it is bad the worst I know I never
want to know like I hate if my friends
sit in the first row cuz then I can see
them and I just say like please don't
tell me but there are certain guests
like when the first lady came you have
to know because they Trump came to know
when the first leak they when Michelle
Obama came right they shut down the
street
so you either think there's a really bad
thing happening for the night Michelle
is coming so they didn't tell you in
advance and I want them to tell me but
it was of course I can tell that mrs.
Obama was could you see what in the in
the audience I couldn't you couldn't so
they put her in a good spot they did
they did but she also they have to rush
her out before the curtain call is over
before we're done Bally's that people
don't like run up for selfies right yeah
so when I walked offstage she was
already in my dressing room and I was
and then she was in your car on the way
out Kerry Washington is here airplay
I'm sorry we'll be right back he is the
only black person most of those little
white kids at his school know most of
them only black people they've ever
exchanged two words with are the
Jamaican hospice woman who wipes bubbies
ass and the people at some Habitat for
Humanity house they help build just so
they had something to put on their
application to Princeton look you have
to understand Scott Jamal is going
through
hmm an awakening an awakened yes to what
this that is very awesome son it was on
barley and now it is on Netflix I mean
for me there are so many important
takeaways with the film but also I
wanted people to walk away loving
theater or more and feeling like we they
had this opportunity to experience great
theater how different is the Broadway
production from the Netflix special we
didn't change a single word we really
honored the play but we did take some
visual liberties where I show flashbacks
and cutaways and it's it's really
beautifully directed by Kenny Leon it's
nice to be able to go into a movie and
you know all people first it for four
months so Mis how everything he'd be
back yes yes oh by the way also of note
and I assume you're aware of this but
since the last time you were here Kanye
West shouted you out and it's all hi I
heard I woke up that morning and my
phone was like vibrating Oh what was
real yes on its own or people were
texting wow these are lyrics from the
song all mine yeah you're super model
thick damn that ass busting out the
bottom i'ma lose my mind and it crazy
that medulla oblongata get to rub it on
my lap get the genie out the bottle if
red pull up with a Kerry Washington
that's gonna be an enormous scandal why
does it sound so bad when I say he's
really good at this
do you know Connie did he give you a
heads up he did I did not get a head we
are friendly we have a lot of friends in
common we're not really friends where we
have a lot of friends a comment uh-huh
and actually about once a year I think a
lot of people have us programmed into
their phones as kW oh so I'll get a text
like once a year round like does not for
me
[Applause]
but thirty years it's been all you know
I'm sure this year if it happens it'll
be something very pious it's gonna be a
fun coffee table book yeah something
have you been to Kanye Sunday service I
haven't yet I would love to go yeah Wow
yeah shoutout to Kanye will you vote for
him in 2024 he you know he's running for
president he said yesterday I know it's
only been a waiver I'll always have been
since Campbell went off the air like I
gosh a year like Aaron changed has
anyone called you about doing it again
rebooting it yeah I mean I'm on the
interwebs yeah no no no I haven't gotten
that call from Shawn he thinks she will
you don't think she would I don't think
so if she did want to do that would be
interested in doing it I mean the one
draw other than our amazing fans is I
miss working with my friends did they
come to the play yes they did most of
them
Joshu Lena did not Josh Malina Jelena
did not oh I knew he'd be the one I mean
felony cancer like I'm invited dress
rehearsal like we weren't even open yet
and she was there Wow Josh just didn't
get around to it yeah well you know
knowing Josh well and what a prankster
he is that the next play you do he's
going to come every night and sit right
in the front row Tomatoes well it's
great to see a Netflix American Sun it's
streaming on Netflix now Carrie washing
you do then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
Oh